chore(docs): add rtl support (#273)
QuiiBz/next-international: docs/pages/docs/rtl-support.mdx

Reviewer: We'll have to register this page inside `pages/docs/_meta.json` - I'm thinking about placing it just after the "Writing locales" page, with the title being "RTL support"

Author: Fixed here: https://github.com/QuiiBz/next-international/pull/273/commits/f1904e567aece27c057ace04b06a41d7dad3a0fd

import { Tabs, Tab } from 'nextra/components'

> # RTL supoprt
> 
> In case you want the `dir` attribute of your HTML node to adjust based on the current locale, you'll need to add some logic.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# RTL support

If you want to support the `dir` attribute in your `<html>` tag, you'll need to add some logic:
```

## From the root layout

```tsx

> // layout.tsx (root layout)
> export default function Layout({ children, params: { locale } }: { children: ReactElement, params: { locale: string } }) => {
>   const dir = new Intl.Locale(locale).getTextInfo().direction
> 
>   return (
>     <html lang={locale} dir={dir}>
>       <body>
>         {children}
>       </body>
>     </html>
>   );
> };

Reviewer: We usually try to remove any excessive markup to make it easier to read (so remove any `;`):
```suggestion
// app/[locale]/layout.tsx
export default function Layout({ children, params: { locale } }: { children: ReactElement, params: { locale: string } }) => {
  const dir = new Intl.Locale(locale).getTextInfo().direction

  return (
    <html lang={locale} dir={dir}>
      <body>
        {children}
      </body>
    </html>
  )
}
```

```

### Caveat

Note that this doesn't work in Firefox, if your root layout is a client component.  
This is because `Intl.Locale.prototype.getTextInfo` is not yet supported in Firefox, even if it is built-in in Node.js.

To cover this, you can add a _polyfill_ to guarantee compatibility with all browsers, until this standard is fully adopted.

To do this, you can firstly add this polyfill:

<Tabs items={['pnpm', 'npm', 'yarn', 'bun']}>
  <Tab>
    ```bash
    pnpm install intl-locale-textinfo-polyfill
    ```
  </Tab>
  <Tab>
    ```bash
    npm install intl-locale-textinfo-polyfill
    ```
  </Tab>
  <Tab>
    ```bash
    yarn add intl-locale-textinfo-polyfill
    ```
  </Tab>
    <Tab>
    ```bash
    bun add intl-locale-textinfo-polyfill
    ```
  </Tab>
</Tabs>

And then write:

```tsx

> // layout.tsx (root layout)
> import Locale from 'intl-locale-textinfo-polyfill';
> 
> export default function Layout({ children, params: { locale } }: { children: ReactElement, params: { locale: string } }) => {
>   const { direction: dir } = new Locale(locale).textInfo;
> 
>   return (
>     <html lang={locale} dir={dir}>
>       <body>
>         {children}
>       </body>
>     </html>
>   );
> };

Reviewer: Same here:
```suggestion
// app/[locale]/layout.tsx
import Locale from 'intl-locale-textinfo-polyfill'

export default function Layout({ children, params: { locale } }: { children: ReactElement, params: { locale: string } }) => {
  const { direction: dir } = new Locale(locale).textInfo;

  return (
    <html lang={locale} dir={dir}>
      <body>
        {children}
      </body>
    </html>
  )
}
```

Author: Commited suggestion. :)
Thank you

```

Or you can use a lib like [rtl-detect](https://github.com/shadiabuhilal/rtl-detect)

## With a useEffect call

You may implement your RTL support with a `useEffect` as well.

For instance, if you have a language switcher component on all your pages, you could also choose to write the language direction detection logic in it.

Something like:

```tsx
// LanguageSwitcher.tsx

> 'use client';
> 
> import { useChangeLocale, useCurrentLocale } from '../../locales/client'
> import { FunctionComponent, useEffect } from 'react';
> 
> interface LanguageSwitcherProps {}
> 
> const LanguageSwitcher: FunctionComponent<LanguageSwitcherProps> = () => {
>   const currentLocale = useCurrentLocale();
>   const changeLocale = useChangeLocale();
> 
>   useEffect(() => {
>     if (__YOUR_CUSTOM_RTL_DETECT__(currentLocale)) document.documentElement.dir = 'rtl';
>     else document.documentElement.dir = 'ltr';
>   }, [currentLocale]);
> 
>   return (
>     <div className="flex flex-col gap-4">
>       <button onClick={() => changeLocale('en')}>EN</Button>
>       <button onClick={() => changeLocale('fr')}>FR</Button>
>     </div>
>   );
> };
> export default LanguageSwitcher;

Reviewer: ```suggestion
'use client'

import { useChangeLocale, useCurrentLocale } from '../../locales/client'
import { FunctionComponent, useEffect } from 'react'

export default function LanguageSwitcher() {
  const currentLocale = useCurrentLocale()
  const changeLocale = useChangeLocale()

  useEffect(() => {
    document.documentElement.dir = isLocaleRTL(currentLocale) ? 'rtl' : 'ltr'
  }, [currentLocale])

  return (
    <div className="flex flex-col gap-4">
      <button onClick={() => changeLocale('en')}>EN</Button>
      <button onClick={() => changeLocale('fr')}>FR</Button>
    </div>
  )
}
```

Author: Commited suggestion. :)
Thank you
